## Usage of `json_validator`

The tool is placed in the `/src`-directory of this project.
The help could be shown with `./json_validator.py -h` or `./json_validator.py --help`.

The file `bmw-arch.json` was created by hand and contains all relevant information about the given to-be-architecture from BMW.
Its format is depicted in `bmwSoftwareArchitecture_archproj-bmwteam-schema.json`.

The `json_validator` scripts main use was to validate the search terms a.k.a. component-names from above-mentioned .json file. 
It basically matches the terms from the `.json` file against the lines from the `.dot` file and prints out whether it found search results or not.

It uses the `grep_adapter.py` script what can also be found in our projects `/src`-directory.

The File with the list of component-names can be generated by using the jsonparser.py skript.

It has to be called by `./json_validator.py COMPONENTLISTFILE DOTFILE` where `COMPONENTLISTFILE` 
contains the above mentioned list generated by the jsonparser and `DOTFILE` is the file where the component-names have to match.

The script prints out all grep_adapter calls to indicate the progress.
If a line is printed out twice as shown below, then the search was not successful. E.g.

```
['| grep -i "apple" ']
['| grep -i "bananas" ']
bananas
```
would mean `apple` was found and is thereby a acceptable component-name but
`banana` was not found and one has to investigate by hand whether there is a fitting search term or not. If there is one the
.json file has to be adapted.

Note:
If a suitable component name cannot be found even after investigation the word should be tagged with the 
` - no Match` tag e.g. `bananas - no Match`. Tools that use the .json file use this tag to indicate whether they should 
really search for a term or not
